Generating Captcha Images 
Purpose: For generating Captcha (from Drupal) files to train OCR data

I was inspired to make this script thanks to the Python Web Scraping Book which gave an example to download Captcha Images to train your OCR data.
I wanted to automate making captchas without having to manually download each image. If any one needs this I've come to share it.

(FOR WINDOWS)

Requirements:
1.) Install Drupal Bitnami: https://bitnami.com/stack/drupal/installer and Run it, (Have your Apache and MySQL ports saved since that will be part of your local host website address)
2.) Install PHP
3.) Install Python
4.) Install Captcha Module from Drupal (downloaded from this git)
If you are unsure if this script is malicious or not, install the captcha module here: https://www.drupal.org/project/captcha
and compare what code has been changed. None of the code that has been changed will ruin anything. It is simply modified php so that it generates the captcha solutions for you.
Obviously do not use the default captcha module from drupal, use the modified one given via git since it has the modified algorithms you need.

Once you have Installed Requirements:
1.) Open the Bitnami Folder where the drupal folder is and launch manager-windows.exe
2.) On your Bitnami File path, head to drupal->apps->drupal->htdocs->modules
3.) Drag the captcha module into the modules folder
4.) Log into your Drupal website (it's going to be your local ip with the port that you typed) as an Admin and in configurations, acctivate the captcha module.
5.) Create a separate folder wherever you please where you are going to store all of these new captcha images
6.) In the captcha module folder, you have to hard code a few values:

Head over to the image_captcha folder from your original captcha folder:

image_captcha.module: (open with your favorite text editor)
Line 242 $number_of_each_char = (int) N;
Line 243 $file_path_for_captcha = 'TEMP_WITH_SOLUTION';

replace N with the number of each alphanumeric value you want generated by captcha.

replace TEMP_WITH_SOLUTION with the exact file path where you're going to store your captcha images with \solution.txt.
ex: C:\CaptchaImagesFolder\solution.txt

Then Head over to image_captcha->src->Response
CaptchaImageResponse.php: (open with your favorite text editor)
Line 107 $file_path_for_captcha = 'TEMP_WITH_SOLUTION';
Line 111 imagejpeg($this->image, "TEMP".$image_name.".jpeg");

replace TEMP_WITH_SOLUTION with the exact file path where you're going to store your captcha images with \solution.txt. (it is important that naming temp_with_solution stays consistent)
ex: C:\CaptchaImagesFolder\solution.txt

replace TEMP with the exact file path where you're going to store your captcha images with. (MAKE SURE THERE ARE TWO SLASHES AT THE END SO IT DOESNT COMMENT THE CODE)
ex: C:\CaptchaImagesFolder\\


Running the script:
You must run the captcha_generate.py script to generate the captchas
which requires the selenium python library (install via pip)

Once you run: You are given two options,
run without args and run with args

IT IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED THAT YOU RUN WITH ARGS BECAUSE I CANNOT GUESS YOUR FILE LOCATIONS FOR YOU, THE DEFAULT IS MY LOCATIONS

In command prompt, head over to the file path where you downloaded captcha_generate.py
type:
python captcha_generate.py [site] [directory] [n]

[site] = drupal url so that the bot can constantly refresh for new captchas
[directory] = directory where PHP script generates images (so it can keep track of all of the images that have been generated)
[n] = number of each alphanumeric you want collected

(THIS IS NOT YET ADDED TO THE SCRIPT DO NOT ADD THIS ARGUMENT)
Optional (which will be added on a later date but it could be iffy since you can just hard code the values)
[image_captcha directory]
The directory where your image_captcha in the captcha module is 


ONCE Finished it will generate a csv with the count of each alphanumeric you generated for Captcha.


